Add how to preserve schroots in builders (#181)
canonical/launchpad-manual: developer/how-to/debug-buildfarm-builder.rst

   builds or disable-then-enable calls. Each subsequent cowboyed build will
   require re-application of the cowboy changes in an identical manner.

Preserve ``.deb`` build schroots
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Not every build type uses ``lxc`` virtual machines as the build environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every build type uses ``lxc`` containers as the build environment.
```

Some, such as ``.deb`` builds use schroots for this purpose. Furthermore, unlike

> ``lxc`` virtual machines, schroots aren't preserved when we disable a builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``lxc`` containers, schroots sessions are by default configured to be cleaned up when the build finishes. 
```
